README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Tech stack

- React (CRA)
- Typescript
- Tailwind CSS

## Deployed app link

[Cricketers app](https://cricketers-app-typescript-tailwind.vercel.app/)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### Deployed app

### `npm install`

Before starting the app, install all the packages.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Update the readme with the npm test

README.md, after:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Tech stack

- React (CRA)
- Typescript
- Tailwind CSS

## Deployed app link

[Cricketers app](https://cricketers-app-typescript-tailwind.vercel.app/)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### Deployed app

### `npm install`

Before starting the app, install all the packages.

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm test`

To run the unit tests. Added a few unit tests in app.test.tsx file for now.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
